LICENSE
Software Products: Z88
Licensor: Chair for Engineering Design and CAD ("LCAD"), University of Bayreuth, Germany

This is a legal agreement between you, the end user, and Chair for Engineering Design and CAD, Universitaetsstr. 30, 95447 Bayreuth, Germany.
By installing, by downloading or by agreeing to the integrated conditions of this End-User License Agreement, you are agreeing to be bound 
by the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, promptly return the Software and the accompanying items 
(including written materials and binders or other containers) to the place you obtained them for a full refund.

1. Grant of license
This LCAD license agreement (license) permits you to use a copy of the Software acquired with this license on any computer in multiple number 
of installations. The Software is in use on a computer when it is loaded into the temporary memory or installed into the permanent memory 
(e.g. hard disk, CD ROM, or other storage device) of that computer.

2. Copyright
The Software is owned by LCAD and is protected by copyright laws, international treaty provisions, and other national laws. Therefore, you 
must treat the Software like any other copyrighted material (e.g. a book). There is no right to use trademarks, pictures, documentation, e.g.
without naming LCAD.

3. Other restrictions
You may not rent or lease the Software, but you may transfer your rights under this LCAD license agreement on a permanent basis provided you 
transfer all copies of the Software and all written materials, and the recipient agrees to the terms of this agreement. You may not reverse 
engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software. Any transfer must include the most recent update and all prior versions. The Software is for 
calculation Finite-Element-Structures; there is no warranty for accuracy of the given results.

4. Warranties
LCAD gives no warrants; the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying documentation. Any implied warranties on 
the Software are not given.

5. No liability for consequential damages
In no event shall LCAD be liable for any other damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, 
business interruption, loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss, personal damage) arising out of the use of or inability to use 
this Software product, even if LCAD has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

6. Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed exclusively by and be construed in accordance with the laws of Germany, without giving effect to conflict of laws.